hello welcome to another Red Dwarf
figure view today we're looking at the
scooter and this is only available in
series 8 special box set edition you can
see it in there
Navy is nicely packaged in a lovely box
as their ships exterior the whole way
around you see a little close-up of the
toy later and you get the DVDs well it's
the same back that comes with the DVD
there's nothing much on that side so if
you open it up comes out in a card
there's the DVD itself the same as
before
nothing new there are some good iPhones
in the back look normal we have a comedy
connections is a good one and the Dave
Hollins radio sketch which was the first
carnation of red dwarf on radio so here
we go you can see this car inside the
package in there so to take a closer
look at the toy now as you can see it's
on wheels and has a good base there's
four wheels there at the bottom and the
body itself see he's got a little dome
and in the middle and the arm the claw
are very well sculpted you can see there
comes into focus at the I got a detail
for a small model pretty cool so
scale-wise
as you can see it works well with them
the bobblehead figure is like a mint and
you can imagine them on set together
saying my kind of height so if we take a
look at a comparison shot here slide on
we can see the scooter model matches the
scooter from a series perfectly well and
all this little bits the claw the little
hinges in the claw the bubble that
connects the closet body the body the
back part there the way how the contour
there and the only thing that doesn't
match up of course is the wheels but if
you're not a fan of the wheels the
bottom base like I am there's some
screws on the bottom here you unscrew it
and there you go back to classic Scudder
the one that just hovers along the road
kill fantastic eh okay so I've round
this back as far as it can go the pull
back and release motor and let's see
what I can do fantastic Scott are
speaking that's all you can expect it's
go around in circles and malfunction so
I'll see it's not this best feature but
M looks wise that's where it's at with
this scooter just to make you aware
there is another gift box yet available
it's Series five you see on the left
here it's got the star book inside it so
again same kind of deal so there you
have it - nice very very nice standalone
box sets hope you've enjoyed and thank
you for watching
you